# -OIBSIP
This is an oasis infobyte java programmer internship repository where I had done two tasks in java programming language.
This is an oasis infobyte java programmer internship repository where I had done two tasks in java programming language.

Taks are :

Number guessing game
ATM Interface
NUMBER GUESSING GAME:-

This is a funny and easy "Guess the Number" game. It is a short java project allows user to guess the number generated by the computer and involves the following:

The system generates a random number from range of 1-100.

The user will get a java swing jframe to take inputs from the user, inputs like player name, number,...

The system then tells if the number entered matches the computer generated number, if not matches the generated number computer will give hints like the number greater / lower than the generated number.

Player has to play 3 rounds each round will have 100 points.

And each round is having 5 attempts. Points will decresing as the number number of attempts are incresing.

At last the total score will be displayed and can start a new game from that window.

So, this is about number guessing game.

-ATM Interface:-

This is a complex project consists of five different classes and it is a console-based application. When the system starts the user asked to register and after that login using that given details. And these 2 processes the user will be able to perform follwing functionalities:

Transaction History

Withdraw

Deposit

Fund Transfer

Balance Enquiry

Exit

Based on above functionalities the whole project is having five classes i.e., authentication, withdraw, deposit, fundTransfer and transactionHitory.

So, this is a basic idea about the ATM interface project.
